If I were to, in my package.json, and
that is not, it's not square bracket.
Wait, yes, it is square brackets.
Okay, if I were in my
package.json to add a,
all right,
let's be reasonable Anjana, okay?
[LAUGH] All right.
So if I were to add a, [LAUGH] so
now we're in VS Code and
I'm just gonna open here.
Can folks see all right?
So I have opened, so what I just did with
the code dot is open Code in this working
directory, which has such an amazing
amount of information here.
We have a package.json and
we have a whereAmI.js.
If I were to write my own script,
I can do basically whatever
I want at the command line.
So I could echo stuff.
I could, I don't know, change
directories on people [LAUGH] I can do,
keep in mind,
it'll be a different process.
So I can do things like run a Node script,
say.
So if I copy my super handy
dandy find-me script here.
Now, yeah, no, it's not an array,
it's an object.
Okay, so this is going to be a new
key value pair in this little
scripts object that has all
of my script definitions.
I literally just type it into
the package.json and I save.
And now let me open the terminal here.
Weird shortcut for that.
Okay, so now, now that I have
this new script, I can run.
I still can run test, same as before.
And I also can run npm run find-me.
And it tells me what it's doing,
it's running this whereAmI.js,
and it is doing what
the script told it to do.
So this is basically the thing we end up
doing a lot a JavaScript developers is
writing those little words npm
run a bajillion times a day,
and messing with our
package.json as needed.
Now, sometimes we mess with
it manually like I just did.
But there's also, like we saw, the npm
init created that package.json for us.
There's also other tools and other kind
of ways of getting started here that
are gonna fill out a whole bunch of
useful information in your package.json.
We've done it the hard way here so
that we can make sure we've
got the fundamentals of like,
what are the important
bits of this package.json?
How do we run things from
within our NPM package?
How do we define new scripts for new,
hopefully more useful [LAUGH]
things we want to do, etc.